## hosts-blocklists
## blocklists-malware-traffic

## https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/11/03/index.html
introwebsites.com
pulpfarmerd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/20/index2.html
bacionera.top
nopogew.com
sobolpand.top

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/20/index.html
carwaded.com
dunnsecurityg.com
ruwejo.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/14/index.html
avromatka.space
bobersok.top

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/13/index.html
acoabogados.cl
adrianaosorio.ottimosoft1.com
ahiet.co.in
akridatekstil.net
alabirambulance.com
aldtec.net.br
alexmarin.ottimosoft1.com
almedical.al
alphazymes.com
ambientevirtualevolua.com.br
andrepaixaoconsultoria.com.br
andresmarin.ottimosoft1.com
anthemio.gr
aricc.sg
arvumbj.com
ashwagandha.co.in
autostock.swadeshishop.com
avmsn.annaiveilankannis.com
avonagro.in
b2gnegocios.com
barrystravels.com
bec.demo.myitas.net
beltmexico.com
bhkr.se
billetpro.beedevstaging.com
blushpetalboutique.com
bot.messbook.xyz
brownstowntabernacle.org
carabaillo.ottimosoft1.com
carpetadeventas.com
cbt.man2pati.sch.id
cgp3solutions.co.za
cheatingspouses.getsolartoday.com
churchofopendoor.com
citiqproperties.co.za
classifiedsking.co.za
cokhithienan.vn
creativecrabs.com
cricutcuttablesvgs.com
cronicaz.com.ar
daniel1.ottimosoft1.com
davidcortes.ottimosoft.com
demo.careacademyuk.com
divinevirginhair.store
downtownslice.com
dreamchildapp.com
ecole.gueryohrdc.com
eldoretwagonhotel.co.ke
email.lhccontabil.cnt.br
emap.eventreception.com
eurekaaircurtain.in
faboprint.com
final.mentorline.org
freespinbonus.papyrusdesignbd.com
fuellesindustrialesmexico.com
galeriarobertocamasmie.com.br
gassantos.com.br
gc.dcimg.com
geetjewels.in
genaikerr.com
genermahecha.ottimosoft1.com
geogenicsint.com
ghusain.in
grandspree.com
grpericias.com.br
gujjubhai.co.in
gytsansebastian.com
hansonproperty.clikdigital.com.au
hectorblandon.ottimosoft.com
hkszcorporatesolutions.com
homologpdc.com.br
hopecertifications.com
hopefoundationindia.in
hostingbolivia.com
hotelluxura.com
hugebonuses.krdigitalconcept.com
ifss.in
illuminatibrotherhood.co.za
informasi.akuroptikjogja.com
iparoute.com.br
iqdigitalmarket.com
itadlearning.com
itqksa.com
javierbra.ottimosoft1.com
jaynestylist.com
jeferson.ottimosoft1.com
jeniffer.ottimosoft1.com
jimbaranvillage.myitas.net
johansanchez.ottimosoft1.com
johansebastian.ottimosoft1.com
joserios.ottimosoft1.com
juanmartinez.ottimosoft1.com
juanzapata.ottimosoft1.com
karasidai.com
karofinancialservices.com
kellyvelez.ottimosoft1.com
kreatiflabs.com
lem.gsdtest.co.za
lgdmproperty.com
macdistribucion.com
makeurocement.mn
mansion.co.zw
marfra.ottimosoft.com
mariafernandaecuador.ottimosoft1.com
mas.hertzceylonsoftware.com
matheusdosantos.ottimosoft1.com
merchantbli.myitas.net
mesincnc.xyz
migueltingo.ottimosoft1.com
mmbeta.messbook.xyz
morrysbagels.com
mosapp.myitas.net
mssrl.ro
nandy.ottimosoft1.com
naturopathieannecy.fr
new.vtacvarna.com
nitropixel.com.br
npn24.com
odvrticadokafica.com
ometodobrabo.com
operapositano.com.ar
orioto.com
osler.ottimosoft1.com
partharaj.me
perfexcrm.bangkokdev.co
pfrealtyadvisors.com
playdm.omniaslot.online
polis.eventreception.com
predosotechnologies.co.ke
preview.happyhomesnri.com
primesporthub.com
property.doveinfotech.com
propertyonline
psdo.deptech.co.tz
qsport.precogtech.com
qurioso.biztunai.com
rajkamal.com.bd
realmonkey.in
rizalrinaldi.mengguruweb.my.id
rodrigonaranjo.ottimosoft1.com
safetytoken.io
schoolonlinereg.co.za
scientisthub.online
scoalasanitaraiasi.ro
secretofsuccess.online
shenzhenfoods.com
siwannews.in
skiptontaxis.co.uk
soccerassist.co.uk
southerncompanions.net
standby.org
storagebox.ie
suburbanmusiccircle.org
tebzadiphehlo.co.za
thevipl.com
travianl.com
trello2.missiondmc.com
trelloclone.dmcdreamers.com
trnt.cc
tsd.com.bd
turkuazfilo.com.tr
usecatoutlet.com.br
vapeplace.jackvapestore.com
vepakum.com.br
vg.gurusoftware.in
viesansfrontieres.octogonul.ro
wolframelectric.com
xaydungbinhphuoc.vn
yeisonchacon.ottimosoft1.com
yeniferperez.ottimosoft1.com
yober.ottimosoft1.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/06/index.html
art.microsoftsofymicrosoftsoft.at
bigabo.space
init.icecreambob.com
mopuketo.space

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/10/04/index.html
fidufagios.com
cdn-wfs-nspod.com
dzikic-my-sharepoint.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/29/index.html
4maurpont.ru
a.flowerr.ru
accounts.inntelligentcrm.com
bhushankoli.com
cresvin.com
crypto-earnsup.novatechexpo.in
cryptoearn-up.novatechexpo.in
dl.9xu.com
easecloud.com.br
eventcaca.xyz
fordecits.ru
forkineler.com
francdoc.webdev-wazoomstudio.online
hexiros.com
interviewsetup.com
lamme.news
makeupuccino.com
mamabearcoffee.com
new2.booklogic.info
obogrevateli-info.ru
raipackers.com
relance.msk.ru
sample3.khushiyonkazariya.in
smpypm1.sch.id
srrealestate.techzonecam.com
ukguk71.ru
yemodene.ru

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/24/index.html
attirenepal.com
finejewels.com.au
new.americold.com
securitybusinpuff.com
survmeter.live
thietbiagt.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/23/index2.html
apr.intoolkom.at
apt.updateffboruse.com
art.microsoftsofymicrosoftsoft.at
bitstorebolivia.com
fgx.dangerboy.at
poi.redhatbabby.at
pop.biopiof.at
telete.in
work.a-poster.info

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/23/index.html
astetinternational.com
elenigogos.com
elitekhatsacco.co.ke
fiorenzapaes.com.br
lfzombiegames.com
obeysecuritybsness.com
sukmabali.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/22/index.html
bazy.ps
cdelean.org
colegiobilinguepioxii.com.co
jometro.com
keysite.com.co
obeysecuritybsness.com
ricardopiresfotografia.com
sukmabali.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/21/index2.html
arimeto.lv
generatorulubabanu.ro
gitamschool.com
mugsecuritybuss.com
ottawaprocessservers.ca
totallybaked.ca
wnctowing.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/21/index.html
rcl.ink
ximbocadaparafuseta.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/20/index2.html
conradmarkets.com
holthighg.com
imitatebowmand.com
monitorcoin2019b.com
remainweeksd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/20/index.html
authentification.scanandrace.com
cortinastelasytrazos.com
fundacionverdaderosheroes.com
megasoftsol.com
new.actsgeneration.org
orquideavallenata.com
systemmentorsec.com
trezoir.sukmabali.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/17/index.html
abogadosenmedellin.com
amaimaging.com
amjsys.com
bartek-lenart.pl
beautifulgist.com
bonus.corporatebusinessmachines.co.in
builtbvbhcom.gq
builtbybhcom.gq
builtybybhcom.gq
bussiness-z.ml
bussinessz.ml
cablingpoint.com
cctvfiles.xyz
centralfloridaasphalt.com
chaturanga.groopy.com
ems.prodigygroupindia.com
focus.focalrack.com
gadhwadasamaj.techofi.in
hrms.prodigygroupindia.com
inetworx.co.za
insurance.akademiilmujaya.com
jhehosting.com
key4net.com
kmslogistik.com
lead.jhinfotech.co
lenartsa.webd.pro
mercyfoundationcio.org
moeinjelveh.ir
novamarketing.com.pk
perfectdemos.com
prevenzioneformazionelavoro.it
priyacareers.com
procatodicadelacosta.com
readgasm.com
rinconadadellago.com.mx
saraviatowing.net
sextoystore.co.in
shahanaschool.in
shivrajengineering.in
shoeclearanceoutlet.co.uk
spiritofprespa.com
srv7.corpwebcontrol.com
stripemovired.ramfactoryarg.com
syncun.com
systemmentorsec.com
tradingviewbrokers.skoconstructionng.com
voip.voipcallhub.com
voipcallhub.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/14/index.html
arrkcelebrations.com
arushagems.com
aumatech.fr
belloweek.ru
certification.jacsai.org
controlyourperception.com
demo.exclusivev2.uproducts.in
kidshabitat.in
learningatdevshala.in
pohul1nk.ru
preface.com.tn
scorlduce.ru
site.viac.pro
stepupnetworks.com
tiacreation.club
unionvillemac.org
woureves.ru

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/03/index.html
img.neko.airforce

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/02/index.html
1stcreditsg.qnotice.com
apptradingview.secci.com.mx
asinvotheir.com
bunge.skybitvest.com
campaign.ezelo.com.bd
clatrommon.ru
clinic.pos2go.co
demo.exclusivev2.uproducts.in
dev.crystalclearvapestore.co.uk
ditrismale.ru
eccobricks.co.uk
eidoss.mx
farerata.com
mau3u.ru
mdconnect.live
mpoint.smsoft.pk
node.seedtobig.com
oronoziparraguirre.com
pakistan.smsoft.pk
portal.finesecuritysystem.com
shadihub.hmrngroup.com
trinitytest.qnotice.com
uproductslive.com
usersys.data.blerg.ltd
vulkanfreespin.alomhrouf.com
vulkanfreespin.iamopeningup.com
vulkanvegas1000bonus.alreeftrucks.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/09/01/index.html
ayerspitchg.com
beltmorgand.com
entiredelivery2014b.com
gilbertplasticg.com
mcleanbounceg.com
nastywoodwardd.com
povertymanagement2018b.com
shootfrankd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/31/index.html
0e19b3dd3c0514c11c3a56ed43eb91f9.aasfbgjhdsuabebgphapfarjpsujghme.xyz
1c468e850af33cd7da4a74903ede9b07.rjgfrdcgebhpgoipbdjeascadoscbrre.ml
2ad56c46525593f6e76430c519dacd50.imdajermdchjumrfrfgfsirssajmafdm.buzz
2ee467396f31e3c46779d762e189cc08.orairbbrohmmagoimjefggdbsemiscoi.tk
3b26f51f7c3062fae3850aedda32d07d.bjiiehdiosiisfjcoififbghddgsfepr.xyz
3b50534c5260bbf3e195c26723bfd21b.foccmmgghphdgamrmshafadoopfcjgip.buzz
4db5433a5df63bd9b5d935615ff7983b.jgsacjoadabpucjbsajogieoifimdeap.gq
4f2325349ce858f6d19709289ce3fe3f.esdsujommafdjbjpemfgiibhrugmsgof.store
5f11f8bb261a9038cb4cdadcf38c291b.hdgfgesmjdddmacsgmrupurjoighrmer.tech
6bdccba29a2ba449e67ac388c08d3f33.hcapadaehpmferrhuhpadhebgihrgcmi.site
6d35af4c1e5061e1e6a8611cdacc7d0b.gidfgusfhbajmbpidsjmgmujhhdicsoj.online
9e6a4ca83ffd2373d4ba2df85763eb36.hgsgmigabcrbsushfembiedhpbuisdde.ga
9f9eb99293e113eb2f4413313c7d52d4.jpfomsaaigsjirbomfhhosimuoujmgcr.top
9f4134a5dee36768d8e0b103a5dec24e.oecujjdcbibhrmjraaurhjfdrfajrbco.live
45fee5e97bcea5c273345c5d198ea0bf.odmihagsadpjgbbfscdmbgpgasbifrsr.fun
86eihr.suertwebxs.cloud
255c6b4511d426c65b3c52675749c661.ajfseprjcfahmcsjbmogfsafjudmdijf.xyz
588e6199a8e2b7b359b112e73acd5b71.jpdmojoiicomchfeeaobicrhhhdusrhm.live
1267c2ed1e50a46d21004e25c7c98306.phmaefoiprccgcfaodhejifccpeemfrd.xyz
4706dfb7ff1cebf7ccf9001c1c474e39.hdasfmebajjbfcdpdpujficefeapsudo.tech
8954e56a1fbca54dae4daee640dee691.fhmcarjubgcirsduerofajcfmbomomgh.cf
72820a11973542ad977ca4a7aef7c6e1.ercurrausbrombgrfojgdhgofaraiefs.online
591485dfd35996884acd85dcc5feb5f1.iodmjdfdiedpgusfrccpifjsrmodhdcj.cf
a2b555f15672bbdc6742f4647c281410.pihubppcsuhudddcoremsappfhgjbhpm.gq
bb941c705372dec7013e3b30daa7cb0f.fsgsoafmbggfecjdgpsimsfbeiscdicd.tk
c81fb6c01d84b5cad236e7f113362691.oapshuaimpsphgepmbfjpcpfjdsseucu.monster
c98ac67979b15ecbc21416dff8e1c864.adepcifdpspaihuhiiajcmfjoiemobci.cf
cae92b5fc5c5a36003980c6eaf0544e8.jsdcjjdpdgharpgjbhfreoaodfmgioub.tk
de389ec6bfa5f03d0246bd222bc772b6.jhamaihocpsffrsjeppmcrefupsemmdo.site
e9c690c3928403a29b5544c6594dcc2b.opdbgbggairrarfhdajfiieamcpchssi.monster
ebe6e5013a3636936e1f5ccc456e6750.dfpocobpmrbhdbmaspjjohppiuopsbaj.store
f168abb27d5653df42758ef3f2f0bde6.ipirjpmuhgcrurpbmphridgmhudegpbf.ga
gkuaiu.linederesweb.bid
jraaiu.glasgofourtx.cloud

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/30/index2.html
# https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/STRRAT+a+Javabased+RAT+that+doesnt+care+if+you+have+Java/27798/
idgerowner.duckdns.org
str-master.pw

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/30/index.html
brookscargos.com
francopublicg.com
hudsonborrowg.com
onlineshepardd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/12/index.html
amibios-updater.com
morungato.space
vagenor.space

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/10/index.html
eaconhop.online
emanalyst.biz
fceptthis.biz
fjobiwouldli.biz
honeiwillre.biz
mmunitedaw.info
offeranda.biz
oftongueid.online
ommunite.top
ransociatelyf.info
rycovernmen.club
schemics.club
sityinition.top
ssedonthep.biz

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/08/05/index.html
carolinascarpelini.com.br
georgeprapas.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/07/21/index.html
glareestradad.com
hortonheavyg.com
movekochd.com
nephewboring2013b.com
sloanavocadog.com
steptransport2017b.com
waceko.com
yiyuro.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/07/15/index.html
airloweryd.com
areasawyerd.com
avocadopost2003b.com
clipraymondd.com
minicombosoft.com
wayhensond.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/07/02/index.html
a9eegc.webktive.bid
vmawt.mobly.email

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/30/index.html
caseytackleg.com
fordlogisticss.com
groupbzs.com
newmangass.com
testmahoneyd.com
wearevansd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/21/index.html
topcooks.us
u5yb42ean3pz9j.xyz

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/18/index.html
apr.intoolkom.at
authd.feronok.com
bestoctoberg.com
calmgardening2015b.com
free.monotreener.com
gtk.uploner.at
hardclarked.com
kas.kargoapp.at
masswarrend.com
mcfarlandkeyg.com
pop.biopiof.at
todo.faroin.at

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/17/index.html
365helpus.net
akrealty.in
arguendinfuld.ru
chefsvn.com.vn
dsg-saudi.com
entippos.gr
globaltelemedicine-bd.com
handsonptr.com
horamedical.in
htlreps.com
icuyjon.com
lombrozo.org
noboland.com
pr1zm0met.ru
saraswatimetals.com
subtown.studio
unboxmattress.kaurainfotech.com
vordplay.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/16/index.html
cg4824pvtrn4ao.xyz
vcophoto.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/15/index.html
larn9kany.ru
pariamarraire.ru

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/04/index.html
# https://twitter.com/malware_traffic/status/1400876426497253379
hesistatesecuritybusiness.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/02/index.html
arhannexa5.top
beggings.top
bigcostarikas.top
buzzinmaster.live
chiefier.website
coursemcclurez.com
cryfund2015z.com
dekoloeo.space
esaquell.website
extrimefigim.top
fimlubindu.club
fimlubindu.top
kilodaser4.fit
kindsoftpron.top
ramseyquantumz.com
ribswansonz.com
sisteraudit2019z.com
supplementik.top
tournamento3.online
turngas2008z.com
vindurualeg.club
vindurualeg.top

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/06/01/index.html
capsule4u.com
demo.exclusivev2.uproducts.in
demo.hrms.uproducts.in
deparnized.ru
e-learning.iskandariah.perubatan.org
forms.saurashtrauniversity.edu
intecno.cl/spectroscopic.php
kor0leva.ru
serbian.org.au
smbtechs.com
soft.melkeparsa.com
submissions.tentcityrecords.net
tecdiaverum.hasu.com.ar
thiagoribeirokungfu.com
tonmatdoanminh.com
voiceworldbd.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/27/index.html
bediloper.top
bigeront.top
devicescout.space
disponfirules.top
frangimingi.top
garrozalibbo.click
lascakatheather.top
marslayot.top
mislinororv.top
roponavi.online
trinaa3.fun
twistcolseza.top
ytoptila.website

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/24/index2.html
agencia.viajesmairma.com.mx
app.enlavaguada.org
ceethoglobal.com.ng
demo.hmsmicro.uproducts.in
donatonpavinginc.com
drive.tarsusbilkoleji.com
e-learning.iskandariah.perubatan.org
ecofiltroform.triciclogo.com
folstop.com
glendalefood.org
hellobot.kinqo.com
ibooking.campaignhub.net
impactmarketingservice.in
kallaru.com
natural-healing-central.com
nicelyeg.com
persuade21.com
sitio.vipsaesa.com
skyshopzone.com
somdeeppalace.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/24/index.html
awkwardmanagement2013z.com
bartonmercyz.com
klosterrion.casa
nighterlikorew.casa
pactrichardsz.com
rawstock2020z.com
ventuaustria.digital
wenettoauto.golf

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/21/index2.html
saferem.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/21/index.html
ia601408.us.archive.org
telete.in

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/20/index.html
adahomemodifications.com
admin.mmlivemyanmar.com
agencia.viajesmairma.com.mx
anghighschool.smsoft.in
angprimary.smsoft.in
app.enlavaguada.org
askisiologio.edu.gr
binafif-est.com.sa
cloud.robi-nud.com
comitato-antimafia-lt.org
demo.hmsmicro.uproducts.in
demo.hmsmicroex.uproducts.in
denverbankruptcylaw.com
graphixbird.com
hellosiroco.com
historybanks.net
ibooking.campaignhub.net
insidebox.pt
kallaru.com
nicelyeg.com
q09pi7.ru
sitio.vipsaesa.com
skillsit.com.br
stormruncreek.com
stybanigltd.com.ng
sweyblidian.com
toomix.net
vaethemanic.com
yayabo.net

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/18/index.html
testsubnet[com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/14/index.html
app.buboleinov.com
docs.atu.ngr.mybluehost.me
todo.faroin.at

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/05/13/index.html
57umant.ru
askisiologio.edu.gr
bergmanagement.com
chnicallimigue.com
demo.lms.uproducts.in
demo.pathlab.uproducts.in
demo.pos.uproducts.in
dev.springbreaklife.com
execasts.com
normaavalos.com.ar
rclllc.in
stjohnsshipmanagement.com
sweyblidian.com
weekvandepsychiatrie-delfland.nl

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/29/index.html
dictorecovery.cyou
eahnowneede.website
expertulthima.club
hidethisfact.top
oxythuler.cyou
quantisranti.xyz
rangstatepol.top
refolloprello.top
thulleultinn.club
tooldunlap.com
tuashoutting.website
ultimarulle.top
xiolodiogo.club

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/28/index.html
gaze-baker2019.com
vilugerude.xyz

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/23/index.html
classicfucup.top
federallissimus.casa
hidethisfact.top
rangstatepol.top
stereozek.top
ultimarulle.top

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/16/index2.html
4klever.com
brasiliaeletronica.com.br
casahome.cc
hrmvietnam.com
m12-11.163.com
maya-med.com
naparniki.com
neru.sakha.ru
remindsends.com
toobatel.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/16/index.html
2017-flowers-btc.com
collins2018-services.com
garment-crypto-2008.com
lloydtomorrow.com
saseluner.xyz
shallow-collier2011.com
sort-maynard2001.com
stewartwise.com
trim-storage-2015.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/15/index.html
furniture.aoyalab.com
huskywelpeneite.com
ibest.com.br
levetop.ltd
maya-med.com
naparniki.com
news.bannawag.com
portalpapoaberto.com.br
uatdelightfoods.in
virjehschool.com
zhangjiwen.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/14/index.html
4room.net
glass3.xyz
ibest.com.br
maya-med.com
mbrsoft.com
mechanicel.com
naparniki.com
sports.informationholiday.com
ty.thewalkingpoet.org
vf.marigoldproductions.com
worldbooks.us
xx.streamyoursport.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/12/index2.html
ameripermanentno.website
banusdona.top
chajkovsky.space
daserwewlollipop.club
mazzappa.fun
momenturede.fun
odichaly.space
ohbluebennihill.website
seconwowa.cyou
vaccnavalcod.website
violonchelistto.space

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/07/index2.html
basket2.xyz
bokspoint.xyz
bookspoint.us
carsidecor.com
smollpush.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/04/01/index.html
oktavius34flo.website
salvadrillo.club
secondpilots.space
sellygloper34.uno
stoikoplot.xyz
tridentscaeder.uno

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/25/index.html
asia-firstnews.com
demo.badt.vn
hrmvietnam.com
jbisng.com
koreasaudi.com
mechanicel.com
naparniki.com
remindsends.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/19/index.html
agitopinaholop.uno
calldivorce.fun
dedupomoshi.space
iporumuski.fun
twotoiletsr.space

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/18/index.html
alaseeldates.com
alwayscomply.com
aprilstudios.in
archive-admin.museubandasfilarmonicas.pt
chamkoon.com
cluebazar.com
emiratesminning.com
froursmonesed.com
locequipamentosbh.com.br
m7a.rgstage.com
orsan.gruporhynous.com
pirijinko.ru
sweyblidian.com
tnasales.com
webworks.nepila.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/17/index.html
2018-cordova-management.com
action-cole2007.com
greenwoodgrace.website
prosper-tv-2015.com
tag-btc-2020.com
tagsr-trewbtc-12020.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/12/index2.html
hosting152231.a2e16.netcup.net
klicjop9.fun
twotoiletsr.space
iporumuski.fun

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/12/index.html
chen2004-delivery.com
harris2021-realty.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2021/03/11/index.html
107pushh.fun
122milli.site
152fugasso.online
apouvtios2.uno
eeshraplen.club
hosting152231.a2e16.netcup.net
reynare.com










# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/08/10/index.html 
7700sy.com
a.strandsglobal.com
albazai.com.sa
artisan.com.sa
iraniansk.com
megfigyel.hu
nanoagro.com.ar
ufs.pivotroots.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/08/03/index.html
a.strandsglobal.com
acaimaniaecia.acaimenu.com
alldgm.in
allthingstravel.co.uk
arssilim.com
bilal.newtechnologyxperts.com
bridalmasks.com
correctordeortografia.com
dca.district9211.org
dehkadehzaferan.com
diamondbraintutor.com
digitalservicecare.in
escuelajosesanabria.com
fareapp.com.br
findthemlocal.co.uk
frenchsporting.bts2020.fr
fresh-organic-food.com
gartengestaltung-hoellerer.de
gofaststrap.com
gymhub.vn
itc-sr.ru
izi-jobs.net
izi-jobs.re
izi-services.re
kalamelk.ir
learntus.co.in
m.exoticcarrentalorlando.com
mira-blau.de
officeautomationltd.com
paarcell.com
pattayafootball.com
phpyb.com
pslrn.com.br
sharkbum.com
sportingpro.com.ar
stamvillagelodge.com
startseunegocio.com
ttt.s-host.net
vitinhphamgia.com
xltc-dta.be

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/21/index.html
a.strandsglobal.com
fivestarcleanerstx.com
kipliani.com
phamthuan.com
rmacadetstore.com
thelibrarysamui.com
umeedupvanfoundation.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/20/index2.html
gachchiulua.com.vn
wellnewssbeautyhub.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/20/index.html
3boardeux.top
b5js78uz.com
brult5bw.com
cutterfighter.club
g0zh8lb3.com
kip2moht.com
ldrplutos.casa
pqfhjp0j.com
yamrii4g.com
z977oq4e.com
zp8kbgfs.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/17/index.html
exchangecamp.ir

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/16/index.html
ajthompsontrucking.com
demox2.egitek.com.tr
devranga-001-site3.atempurl.com
dunafacility.partners
ebaaacq.com
partybusnetwork.com
persuaddek.ru
theaterpunti.ru
thevietnamwarshow.com
vootingzel.com
tfuller.cn

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/14/index.html
1bwsl4.com
804gtd.com
ldrglobal.casa
m33xa3.com
mramoritto.top
n9i9ep.com
nm5oi0.com
portivitto.top
slizilinno.top
uhq943.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/13/index2.html
84-21-193-56.ip.btc-net.bg
peronotis.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/13/index.html
accesoeducativo.com
api10.apgolop.at
api10.v8engine.at
consorciorebeck.com
cultivodepeces.com
gaw.explik.at
kovenant.hu
mac-rail.com
nadismedia.com
overnightfile.com
shopgiachuan.com
sportbettingdubuque.com
sylviesanteminceur.net

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/09/index2.html
9ygw2.com
cofi3.com
dll.microsoft.com
e9bja.com
gstat.peshtigodental.com
gstat.premiamo.com
gstat.premiamo.eu
gstat.secundamo.com
gstat.secundato.com
gstat.secundato.net
gstat.securezal.com
gstat.securezal.xyz
gstat.securezzas.com
gstat.securezzas.net
gstat.sloleaks.com
hq3ll.com
ioyyf.com
maigmehm2gl.com
n2f79.com
nix4e.com
r0rfk.com
support46.microsoft.com
tenutasanpaolo.com
tobmojiol2adf.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/09/index.html
angelalevelsup.com
autohaker.com
bakingandcookingandmore.com
confidentbeauty.tips
costcocanadaliguor.com
donateoneeight.net
duongtinhot24h.com
e-golden-boy.com
kcsmqd.com
lovelydays.info
lux-dl.com
lx-w.com
mansiobok2.info
pksbarandgrill.net
rightwebmarketing.com
systemscan12.top

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/07/index.html
9bgnq.com
50pm4.com
58tiy.com
aciferhib3larw.com
d7uap.com
ft6gw.com
monbruusr2aqr.com
p7hne.com
pui4p.com
zs6eb.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/07/01/index.html
31pces-walk.com
59siwf-farm.com
61wsov-ring.com
407.cd.gov.mn
2020aix.com
bangrajan.org
centruldeinfoliere.ro
delandwinebar.com
detayworx.com
hipnosesemlimites.com.br
konkanparadise.com
ldrhonda.casa
pelatihanspss.com
plutiasitop.top
sql-experts.com
sweeteator.best
yongcan0f.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/30/index.html
19sped-lane.com
64kapd-bowl.com
99swus-game.com
aloveschool.com
anacatellieventos.com.br
conserviengenharia.com.br
ctbrt.com
cursosler.com.br
digifish3.com
lartabea.org.br
nasproje.com
naturestyle-moebel.com
ocean2river.com
staging-emama.kinsta.cloud
stega.com.br
sx-facemask.com
tarimelaletleri.com
technodroidstore.tk

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/26/index.html
22wedz-crate.com
48boden-flow.com
81spdi-tick.com
ddc17.com
dy5x1.com
kissiolotto.top
load3rd.casa
ofxvp.com
restyle-prinner.com
smc-coding.com
statfarmitto.top
ttcfv.com
u8pmg.com
voaxd.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/25/index2.html
snnmnkxdhflwgthqismb.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/18/index2.html
3e4c8683db7a4e7581d62432833ab07c.testurl.ws
4home.website
9rayaa.com
1001of.com
ambassadorenterprises.org
ambiseg.servsites.com.br
angel-style.com.ua
artnewsintehran.com
azadindjeyan.com
bestnest.shop
bossaholidays.co.uk
byspoly.edu.ng
chineseschool.co.za
citycar-altenstadt.de
comrade.by
costagold.co
cosuridefumonline.ro
dan24.pl
decoronthemove.co.za
deportedesoria.com
desertpastures.com
discountgroceries.co.uk
dodverie.ru
dvct.be
enot-stroy.ru
fideuro.net
gabysearthfoods.co.za
gerdasgarden.ru
ggbnb.in
glades-intl.com
growmore.in
h710175922.nichost.ru
hmarket.in
hoawarriors.com
inmoglobo.com
jpc.iskandariah.perubatan.org
karaoke.eda.kg
kasinfo.ru
knigum.ru
lovelymoms.ru
lovetv.co.za
luoicuaminhkhue.vn
mail.humanlypossibletv.com
mariagecongo-lais.com
mcppoa.org
medequip.wheelchairindia.com
mintax.ca
mintexapparel.com
mobilbazaar.net
nokriwala.com
oisoc.com
omodollar.com
optom-stroi.ru
personalized-tee-shirts.com
plentyitem.com
profdela.ru
rccollections.in
redw.me
rockoncollectibles.com
royalalpaca.com
sadok.biz
salon-estel.tj
saneltour.com
sedgefinancial.com
skriptu.ru
smartechnium.com
staiacasabar.com
stb-fimpel.de
stellium.de
steps-baby.ru
swanseacityguide.co.uk
td-prk.ru
test.s332.ru
timelinetraveltours.com
toyotahaiduong3s.com.vn
trelan.com
vanloonvlees.nl
webdesigntrainingcourse.co.uk
wiblitz6.com
xn--24-6kcpbd2ctql8b.xn--p1ai
xn--80ac8bfj.xn--p1ai
xn----htbbqjjndz7g.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/18/index.html
nnmnkxdhflwgthqismb.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/17/index.html
9-35.xyz
220market.net
3341480de0.url-de-test.ws
africabot.org
alfanargents.com
allgates.uk
altarfalodge.com
amina.tj
ast-ug.kz
autoscuoleallegra.it
azov-spetsmash.com.ua
balichess.com
baztabeafkar.com
bonfa.ind.br
braceletsupplier.com
brooklyn.pl.ua
bus-911.com
Crevantage.sg
daryna.com.ua
dgetasonora.gob.mx
easy-domus.it
echeberriadentistalaredo.com
exclusivedobrasil.com.br
ferreteriadelvalle.com
flakonika.com
fulldimensionit.com
fundacaocaminhodasnuvens.org.br
givenfish.online
greendom.site
habeebeefoods.in
hillcountryphysicalmedicine.com
icdomenicobernardini.gov.it
jets4pets.com
jovetech.com.my
juicingorsmoothies.com
kamaldarwish.com
keriting.com
kingsband.lk
knoxtextiles.com
kodingeko.com
korewi.com
krakila.lt
larafashion.in
loxien2.com
mail.panarollers.com
medicinadellavoromb.it
meditationmovement.org
metamorphosisbeauty.co.uk
mo3daty.com
moya.us
nakaherbs.com
nbs.net.pk
nickraveshiranian.ir
oircjournals.org
pakdeals.store
pgi.net.co
pilonexpert.in.ua
pusatnaturaworld.com
qnnn8.com
ramalexkum.tk
razvivashka.kz
rbcsupporters.nl
remtorg.com
sadeeqtraders.com
safaa.net.in
sanitolonline.co.uk
smart-plus.in.ua
styleswim.com
svitlovsim.com.ua
tarimevi.com
telosmassage.online
test.scherleithner.at
ubungotag.or.tz
usedlu.org.rs
xn----ctbctcb4aoyu9c.xn--p1ai

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/16/index2.html
4house.co
a.strandsglobal.com
abcbertazzoni.it
aimpoliticalparty.in
anticogiardinosiciliano.it
arian.spb.su
asalforum.or.ke
atlaselada.ro
autokuzov.site
automagas.lt
avtolady.od.ua
bafnaacademy.in
barikell.ua
bcstroy.kiev.ua
bhfz-ort.tk
bysluiter.nl
casaitaliana.md
centroodontologico.uy
coffee.org.mm
commercialistichieti.it
conceptcoffee.org
ctccapital.ua
dekorativaisbetons.lv
drlynettebowden.uk
elarcvetok.pp.ua
fashporium.shop
fillersplanet.cz
fpt.org.pk
gadesoluciones.pe
goldcotton.ro
heybrasil.net
incaltamintepieleieftina.ro
jan-van-eijck.nl
k-service.spb.ru
komalnewlife.org
lovehouse.in.ua
lubrimac.in
mashorahpro.com
npmachines.in
nyansakiacochoocbo.org
omra-tunisie.tn
on24.uz
opta.net.ua
pakmehrafshar.com
payapad.ir
penasafa.com
pierre-ecohealth.online
piscinarosate.it
plastas.lt
plumbingnorthampton.uk
prostata.kg
quaerocapital.uk
renete.net
scrap.sa
senadorarosedefreitas.com.br
serenaamaide.it
sharqjurnali.uz
shrihariindia.in
tillysnails.nl
timmerbedrijfduineveld.nl
trimunlexuan.vn
ultravcn.com
unifutures.net
vinfast3smientrung.com
winkelpandlochem.nl
xn----ymcb3alct9kvacg09m.com
yaycheez.pk
ytuongviet.com.vn

 http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/16/index.html
pops.works

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/15/index.html
crogtrt.com
spdodoma.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/12/index2.html
a.strandsglobal.com
cccommercialcleaning.com.au
mor-bihan-couverture.fr
xeemoquo.top

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/10/index2.html
0otg18ixk6o8kows.com
addlock.mitial.at
amgvgrlm2w41l2lt373.com
ebh3zy1l0l66zt144-ph.com
hkdjuilkwwq2t.com
klt9x5q3tj.com
kzex9vp0jfw6a8up1.com
liaoguy.com
ls9areetm1cxszmsg-ck.com
thjfasfdjkf1qjt.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/09/index2.html
a4zy33hbmhxx70w9q.com
bqoxits0mu0ga6aul.com
de9383sox0.com
guadalaharra.top
hellenedney.com
hges2gnmvvv8mv8yi.com
hzo0aut97bfu7zweb.com
loadgremmy.best
odifu83.com
rockyndawn.com
trythisvine.top
vineboxing.best
wtrentacar.com
xsiv7v4qzjq6rdmpp.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/09/index.html
snnmnkxdhflwgthqismb.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/08/index2.html
ziddat.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/08/index.html
artdeko.lt
cockadoodledont.com
hd-school.com.ua
hpvideo.tv/pzuoiepmui
idecorfurnitures.com
jkp-standard.rs
noseaceptandevoluciones.com
old.manuengelen.be
salwadm.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/03/index2.html
2partscow.top
a-zcorner.com
d0d0abee1d18255e.com
d0d0f3d189430.com
knockoutlights.com
organicgreensfl.com
safebanktest.top
tocsicambar.xyz
ulcertification.xyz

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/06/03/index.html
truepenesonga.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/29/index.html
africanchildleadfoundation.org
alase.net
annk.com.ua
apofraxisavlonitis.gr
approved-products.com
axelfamily.com
befab.net
boteco1.com
escuelaonline.org
fakeindustries.org
footholdfilms.com
gardonyi-kaposvar.sulinet.hu
goodhandsappliances.com
greenridgelawn.com
griffindev.com
hallowgate.com
heatingcareltd.com
hegyhati-altisk.sulinet.hu
indianblackhead.com
jamesrivers.com
janetwilliams.org
keizomatsuda.com
kellamelectric.com
kemra.co.ke
kingstoncrusaders.org
lamaja.cl
linchcapital.com
liveoakmeadow.com
logoflyerbrochuredesigninguaedubai.com
lookingforlands.com
manurecouture.com
midweekspecials.com
mlds.go.th
moscadesigngroup.it
mountaineerhomeinspection.com
moveinproperties.net
msdolany.cz
myprintshop.us
negociacioncolectiva.cl
nepalsurvey.com
noraschoepfer.com
oem-online.com
old.pubgvozd.by
phoenixgroupllc.co
podoshva.su
podport.net
poorhousewebdesigns.com
ppaauditores.com
princetonenvelopegroup.com
qudaih.com
reverseforrealtors.com
sangalakiresort.net
shi-castfam.com
singlesunlimited.net
siscotechnologysupply.com
sketchmeetup.com
sos-sv.com
stiags.com.mx
stjohnsnohomish.org
tbacnet.com
teknic.cl
termasdelacal.cl
test.mineralog.com
tomsoldmansionkochi.com
triangolodelbenessere.it
vectortrans.su
vietnamesetravelagency.com
wagswalkersaustin.com
woah90s.com
womensvoicesmagazine.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/27/index2.html
akidsdentistry.com
ft23fpcu5yabw2.com
nadalia.top
pyramide33.pw
sillostrainee.cloud
skinbathing.club

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/27/index.html
emergencytoolz.pw
extraordinarycurc.club
facilitiesgrowth.pw
feminization.xyz
metaguotes.net

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/26/index.html
1j4xptyujjpyt8.com
bee1d18255e.com
c1j4xptyujjpyt8.com
c3d189430.com
e5ud9xh7fppe78y.com
mediationchantaljamet.com
qiquan01.com
vrsv2haqaq3xy6x.com
xlxxy.com
ya66lsx81lwxocgey.com

# https://twitter.com/malware_traffic/status/1264001629461729280
# https://pastebin.com/raw/uS6PMrdB
360yunkang.com
a8xui1akl9gjqucfa.com
bcp7mbg.com
c88gpm21qoal18bmk.com
cot3d.com
h6e2at7du07f7a2ip.com
ke3rrzx.com
m8pwsczg0bbzw48j7.com
nrhlxbt9covscex9b.com
se66ndx04fofu3sqv.com
zhankai168.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/19/index.html
connuwedro.xyz
cucumberz99.club
gotothe5.club
pimidorro22.top

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/14/index2.html
17.5studio.eu
46-10-204-78.btc-net.bg
84-21-193-190.ip.btc-net.bg
177-73-231-37-user-conectivainfor.com.br
all-pro-handel.de
ballesdegolfaveclogo.com
bssz.se
carreraderecho.com
cgw-211-24-72-139.bbrtl.time.net.my
cloudacademies.p
cornetresearch.co.uk
debaat-chiropractoren.nl
dittvel.com
dynrak234g-9-10-67-105.inwitelecom.net
endoukensetsu.co.jp
freakshowfilms.net
gjvtri.org
guardolificiosteni.com
gwirelessfresno.com
healthyat60plus.com
host173-17-static.58-217-b.business.telecomitalia.it
immobilier-gelas.com
knihanavstevpolovnehoreviru.sk
lacantine.life
langhundra.nu
lgsports.se
onlinerouletteinaustralia.com
posta.studionagra.it
primetropics.com
re-alist.nl
realestatebyc.com
sidomaripublishing.com
staging1.driteksolutions.com
stavkovekurzy.24livescore.sk
tahvilnedir.com
taxirueti.ch
vahidfoundation.org

# https://app.any.run/tasks/fdc5e34f-1f77-4043-bf0d-08de95051433/
sorrentino.ug
vincenzos.ug

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/12/index.html
abogadoaccidenteslaboralesen-madrid.com
angelqtbw.us
ariankacf.us
arzenitlu.us
azparksfoundation.org
betaalbare-website.be
boosh.io
brisbaneair.com
carbonne-immobilier.com
consultationdocteurpronobis.fr
degalmun.jjcars.es
edgewaterunitedmethodist.org
equineantipoaching.com
falhiblaqv.us
hotteswc.us
inter-dekor.hr
iris.gov.mn
masterstvo.org
ppugsasiw.us
pufuletzpb.us
rudhyog.in

# https://pastebin.com/CdReThSS
acessogeek.com
agetic-adm.gouv.ml
allianceship.net
alwatadpharma.com
anhvienakay.vn
betarg.com
bookpeopleunite.org
boxmusic.com.br
bw4limo.us
choptaswisscamp.in
cinnamonmagazine.com
civtecafrica.com
convergenciaglobal.com
cricktracksafaris.com
dcthatta.gov.pk
derodeantraciet.be
edisun.vn
energyfutureconf.com
enjoy-tv.com
rentbishop.com
robertsonoptical.com
tjgdjt.net.cn

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/11/index.html
brisbaneair.com
budgetpoolsbrisbane.com
crimea.videonablyudenie.center
donnercompanies.net
egyptlaw.org
ffermwyrzf.us
gdmtransfer.com.au
harukihotarugf.us
humdingerdesigns.com.au
izvoznojai.us
jonuzpura.us
kibintiwl.us
kupakiliayw.us
lumcrizal.us
marnas.info
masterstvo.org
nadurogak.us
periotexas.com
pluienscz.us
postigleip.us
rudhyog.in
sakgeldvi.us
salon-39.com
sarlatimmobilier.fr
skybdragonqx.us
systemsprogram.org
tutoringfairfieldcountyct.com
walski.pl
wembaafag.us
zlataradavid.rs

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/07/index2.html
cab2cablink-space.com
kingprawbun28.com
snipscell-ss.com
starzoooon777.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/05/index.html
dtec.com.my
knun.edu.af
saonacolletion.com
servervirto.com.co

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/05/01/index.html
ghefgekil.club
obratapres.pw
piedmontrescue.org
severeconditions.xyz
smallhole.club

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/30/index.html
aita.mrboatstudio.com
collahahhaged.us
qut69bf00e.com
univerzamjw.us
wkcanisius.nl

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/29/index.html
acuendoj.us
advancegeneral.com
amsterbiter.com
annabelladekor.hu
arwresaub.us
azparksfoundation.org
bostiwro.us
brusce.com
ciflaratzz.us
ditionith.us
econature-energie.com
folseine.us
from adespartc.us
hundebetreuung-ri.ch
icos.wolease-ontwikkeling.nl
joelstonem.us
lusikkasopassa.net
m-akashgroup.com
maakotchen.info
maaltijdr.us
monagence.net
monio.fr
multitechinduaq.com
nisabooz.us
periotexas.com
pioneerpune.com
qlifamily.org
rds.revolutioninfosystems.biz
sanizon1.wolease-ontwikkeling.nl
sarlatimmobilier.fr
sb-law.com
sdsandrahuin.us
seddauf.us
springparkdentistrytx.com
taxcenterga.com
test-pof.boosh.io
themillionlivesproject.com
ulianag.us
wajdana.us
wealthplanpartners.insure
zensimup.us

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/27/index.html
goedkope-stickers.nl
ottawacomfort.ca

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/24/index2.html
brianrileycarpetcleaning.com
passali.it

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/23/index.html
afsholdings.com.my
alphapioneer.com
atn24live.com
beta.vaspotrcko.rs
bg142.caliphs.my
bgszone.ga
biacayipteknoloji.com
blueleed.com
dubook.co.in
far-flower.mindsellers.ru
foxfennecs.com
hasifria.net
hlb.ae
ixlarge.net
jaincakes.xyz
kastom.pw
kbzsa.cn
ngoibitumsinhthai.com.vn
papaw.doudou1998.com
pinangcitygroup.asia
playvideo.site
tepatitlan.gob.mx
uvisionpk.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/22/index.html
4mco.com.pk
akfoundationbd.xyz
atelierdegaia.fr
baiseyapian.com
beachview.co.za
cheshirecheetah.com
chicare.aguademo.com
cirkuscloudhosting.site
cloud.wmsinfo.com.br
comedyticket.nl
garage.themebuffets.com
hasumvina.nrglobal.top
jeromenetpanel.ml
longform.harker.org
pruebas2.reformasginesta.es
sofil-photographe.com
swissblock.acorn.studio
tedxtest.devbyopeneyes.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/21/index2.html
fetitech.live

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/21/index.html
aquahub.co.ke
artgennesis.com
blackrockgl.com
Bretmartinconstructioninc.com
coinpronetworks.com
decons.vn
dev.mills.app
econspiracy.se
enlightened-education.com
fenimor.simplemediaworks.com
hairlovers.hu
icshongkong.com
ileolaherbalcare.com.ng
keckarangdadap.pekalongankab.go.id
knowledgetime.co.in
kslanrung.com
lamaisongourmande.live
male.profertil.ro
mister-site.xyz
mrsphr.ir
music919.com
naturecell.net
patrickunger.de
pickap.io
quirkydogchews.com
robotbas.ru
soaringxx.com
subhexplore.com
themenuz.com
tianzi8.cn
transformerspaintingandremodeling.com
wzrysp.com
zoodbaz.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/20/index2.html
mitsui-jyuku.mixh.jp

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/20/index.html
51youqun.com
6686faka.com
b.adventh.org
carnesribhaus.com.mx
cimfl.com
fazautocare.com
gnxpublishers.ca
mehtapublicity.in
ns-hd.co.jp
optica.co.in
phuhaihoang.vn
roirush.com
salvation24.com
sdeposito.com.br
smartfield.co.ke
test.wax.duzzling.com.tw
thecorporatetailors.com.au
tianmarket.shop
villette45.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/17/index.html
# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/16/index.html
9.kamstore.com.ua
360digitalclick.com
admin.solissol.com
anamikaindanegas.in
archive.wpsu.org
at-metals.com
automatischer-staubsauger.com
bodernyt.info
bouyonclip.com
braincricket.com
bread.karenkee.com
careon.io
cloudtunez.com
coach-ukraine.com
creativepreneurclub.com
creditshieldcanada.com
daiohs.com.tw
demo.caglificioclerici.com
eknoorhospital.com
elo.karenkee.com
galaxfy.com
gofeedz.com
goldenweaveneedles.com
goodhealthpharmacy.org
healthagents.net
hundespielzeug24.com
inf.ft.umbjm.ac.id
istikhara.spirtualcenteruk.com
journal.umbjm.ac.id
justhemp.addrop.io
kabderrick.skmbugagroup.com
landingpage.openlm.com
leonardchuaty.com
leonlogistik.website
manoharcycle.com
mbupress.umbjm.ac.id
news.onmoneyex.com
nipploncombineblades.com
openlm.com
openlm.md
openlm.ru
proindianjobs.com
promovorm.eu
salepremiumeverything.com
sherazsaleem.softvion.com
slivinfo.site
sn-technologies.com
spirtualcenteruk.com
spy-x-family-manga.com
sr5.webplanbd.xyz
store.openlm.com
thefasteagle.com
topbloggersug.skmbugagroup.com
turzoapparelsourcing.net
vietnamtrade.vn
wearemet.site
windowsgadgets.club
zwillingskinderwagen-tests.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/15/index.html
ardstiobek.com
ationsopors.com
clarityupstate.com
domswebdesign.com
framtiden.dobus.se
furcoatexchange.com
furcoatliquidators.com
furwholesaler.com
hoagoomde.com
hosteller.in
maktabiprezidentivmkb.tj
raihanchow.us
re-fur-bished.com
refurpose.com
rentcoat.com
rentmink.com
rentthecoat.com
smanext.com
tedhenson.com
theminkcoat.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/14/index.html
cloudofficemx.com
crowe.llc
hunchasko.com
rtxtserver.com
sharefile2020.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/07/index.html
aiavxvlshmkweccksfky.com
bioonshmwrbecckfcavh.com
bxhwpdkqdakbplfvfqwn.com
cpnhcndpdkylibtlbeco.com
ergensu.com
gccggcctwcerlshacpba.com
hciqylualwcnyvajdkqq.com
jgqhigsjkulmsvvhshmk.com
kdacggcctwcavdgvpbmk.com
knalc.com
liswrfujohqsnbnohetn.com
mioniough.com
namilh.com
pdtlshacpbacpnhcndpd.com
ronswank.com
shyjgiyhyegxeqqpdtya.com
stagolk.com
wapjdxlstholqwakofgi.com
wapwtpwciertrhkdaxrp.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/03/index.html
aiamvwtyixijtlkuykjp.com
apjvijcmngqycemauehw.com
ayixvloucfdysupyjbjf.com
dixijcqqlnvevtnuwitm.com
dubxtfmgcxjywmpvdkuy.com
ebywetbioongyqgwoiqy.com
eooojgiyykjxkhvrdcmm.com
eprewwexrynnioflhlcq.com
geost.com
ggssvbatjywehwhiokft.com
ghnbnolqsjcyuwvjuwil.com
giqudehjaxrunkpegxrp.com
gjppodrjakhvajuoauyg.com
hmxqeprvqnoyxdbjsylu.com
imosey.com
ivopmfxpfvnhpxktassj.com
jffrvhgqugrdxljjnrvq.com
jkdnvejduonkqdvjuwil.com
jlptbvrqntgpjacggcso.com
keuqdvbepfmoftyeprvq.com
klill.com
lildor.com
lubkvpbvajiwwmpifubx.com
mhnnioowayqgswnjakck.com
myphtkpekkflxclodixi.com
noyxpslvmrshmwfbxtox.com
obeaf.com
onkdalwpqnkpribtxsgw.com
pheia.com
podfffjnnacpnintwtyr.com
rijcmudetbipajqbxtox.com
rjetnmkssednvejqbpls.com
rkuldppxwpdkeyjbjfrj.com
sjodfffjnnagxrhkqpes.com
smenard.com
tarsilh.com
tfmkksovghnjegkbdqxy.com
unoutintwcbhqwvjuweu.com
vgxejldldywalbrfnrab.com
yxpopawcnlltpwpdkedb.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/04/02/index.html
exa.vertexadvising.com
life.chrishenel.com

# https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/Qakbot+malspam+sent+from+an+infected+Windows+host/25972/
coloorad.gq
huisinbeeld.nl
infopremier24.com
ncevecc.com
sampoornshiksha.com
todstudios.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/31/index.html
films.kapswholesale.info
line.rosenstock.net
link.philippeschellekens.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/30/index.html
babblecloset.site
babbleden.site
blogflat.site
gpreceipt.xyz
infonoanswer.site
krt2.site
krt3.site
maininbox.site
nimbleinfo.site
noanswerteam.site
show2.website
team-info.site
thefax.site

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/27/index.html
conceptinteriors.ae
karantino.xyz
pravizzillo.club
projectfatty.club

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/26/index.html
botiq.xyz
wgyvjbse.pw
x0fopmxsq5y2oqud.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/23/index2.html
bao-universe.com
m1rd9egxfxinnsoq.com
rylandi2002.com
shengbo769.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/23/index.html
ali-express1.at
aperforrmingnextyou.xyz
cloudservice.club
living-start.at
news-deck.at
taslks.at

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/20/index.html
courtofpecher.buzz
itkfe0f.com
petrolprices.pw
toughacid.top
tyndex.pw
worldcrysys.top

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/19/index.html
avqm2sd6.com
jearlenef.com
q29lanceshaniya.com
q5278biboyd.com
vtorrancekx59.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/18/index.html
pmfi74.com
snap-licdn.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/16/index.html
bookkeepingpluspros.com
bralibuda.com
deraelous.com
greferezud.com
new.915yzt.cn
primecaviar.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/12/index.html
105711.com
mayinakh.xyz
secure.zenithglobalplc.com

# http://malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/11/index.html
freetospeak.me
shop.artaffinittee.com
thumbeks.com

# http://malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/10/index.html
wex-notdead.ru
z9nogft.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/03/index2.html
cataclean.ro
freeclubcargo.club
happyhunters.pw
jagerteam.top
ventilator-aer.ro

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/03/03/index.html
7qfmzuglr45xs.com
lissavets.at

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/02/24/index.html
asistenzaonline.xyz
fatturapagamentodi.pw
megpagamil.pw
megpagamilmegpagamil.xyz
odelpagamentorome.site
pizdelko.xyz
samementolaniasicilia.website

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/02/19/index.html
familstorm.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/02/11/index.html
lcdixieeoe.com
q68jaydon3t.com
qr12s8ygy1.com

# https://isc.sans.edu/forums/diary/Fake+browser+update+pages+are+still+a+thing/25774/
2e2be1cd.auth.codingbit.co.in
geo.netsupportsoftware.com
sodality.mandmsolicitors.com
trace.mukandratourandtravels.com

# https://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/29/index.html
alphaenergyeng.com
bhatner.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/27/index.html
delhisexclinic.com
ikosher.co.il

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/24/index.html
10bonusonline24.info
107gam.com
jottnistic.com
kekbobbie.com
line.ivorycell.net
line.lawnteam.org
line.mackmclain.com
line.monalisapizzeriasi.com
line.rllconsulting.com
line.zepcnc.com
lline.rosenstock.net
minoparisi.com
t199447q.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/23/index.html
bn60pabmloz.com
bpzhmarguemrite4819z.com
btymevlhcourtney66z.com
dithomatos.com
estate-advice.at
limpopo.at
mk47ymmmcsi.com
nguyendungcosmetics.com
onionpie.at
puminsceft.com
sweetlights.at
tahhir.at
terersepal.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/21/index2.html
emblareppy.com
n60peablo.com
nk47yicbnnsi.com
pzhmnbarguerite4819.com

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/21/index.html
ruhiinfotec.com
solovolonetwork.eu
summitsealants.net
lietarion.com
wp.quercus.palustris.dk

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2020/01/16/index.html
himkon.ga

# http://www.malware-traffic-analysis.net/2019/12/27/index.html
centre-de-conduite-roannais.com
prajoon.000webhostapp.com





















